New `DropdownMenu` component (#2768)
commercetools/ui-kit: packages/components/dropdowns/dropdown-menu/docs/additional-info.md

# Additional info

## ListMenuItem

When using the list floating panel, the `DropdownMenu` component exposes an inner sub-component called `DropdownMenu.ListMenuItem` that should be used to render each item in the list.

Clicking on an item will close the panel and call the `onClick` callback with the item's value.

### Properties

| Props        | Type                                                | Required | Default | Description                                       |
| ------------ | --------------------------------------------------- | :------: | ------- | ------------------------------------------------- |

> | `isDisabled` | `union`<br/>Possible values:<br/>`'left' , 'right'` |          | `false` | Whether the item should be disabled.              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `isDisabled` | `boolean` |          | `false` | Whether the item should be disabled.              |
```

Author: Updated here: a157a52d6437a364437fbed70f6e79a1b2f6d1e2
